README.md, before:

# Old School Runescape
# Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. UX
* Ideal User Demographic
* User Stories
* Development Planes
* Design
3. Features
* Design Features
* Existing Features
* Features to Implement in the future
4. Issues and Bugs
5. Technologies Used
* Main Languages Used
* Additional Languages Used
* Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used
6. Testing
* Testing.md
7. Deployment
* Deploying on GitHub Pages
* Forking the Repository
* Creating a Clone
8. Credits
* Content
* Media
* Code
9. Acknowledgements

# Introduction
This website was designed for the company Jagex for the game Old School Runescape. The focus of this site is to create an online presence allowing new players, present players 
and any returning players to find out what is happening in game and to find any relavant information about the game.

Jagex Limited is a British video game developer and publisher based at the Cambridge Science Park in Cambridge, England. It is best known for RuneScape 
and Old School RuneScape, collectively known as the world's largest free-to-play massively multiplayer online role-playing games. Jagex has one of the longest running 
MMORPG games which has now been running for 20 years. The purpose for this website is to promote Jagex's game to a new audience as well as keeping the present players up to date.

This is the first of four Milestone Projects for the developer that they must complete during their Full Stack Web Development Program at the Code institute.

The main requirements was to create a stable and static website with a minimum of three pages using primarily HTML5 and CSS3.

# UX

## Ideal User Demographic

**The ideal user of this website is:**
* New players
* Current players
* Returning players

## User Stories

**New Players**
1. As a new player, I want to easily navigate my way around the website and find the relavant content.
2. As a new player, I want to learn about the games history.
3. As a new player, I want to be able to easily go to any of the games social media pages to keep up with any news or updates.
4. As a new player, I want to be able to find any helpful information to help play the game.

**Current Players**
1. As a current player, I want to be able to find the social links to keep up with any news.
2. As a current player, I want to find out about any new upcoming releases.
3. As a current player, I want to find any videos/pictures from past and future updates.

**Returning Players**
1. As a returning player, I want to navigate to information about updates I have missed.
2. As a returning player, I want to be able to go to any social links to find relavant information.

## Development Planes

In order to create a comprehensive and informative website the developer worked with players of the game to determine what 
the website required and to answer the user stories, listed above.

**Stratergy**

The website will be broken down into three catergories focusing on the following audiences:

**Roles**

* Current Players of Old School RuneScape
* New players looking to start playing
* Returning players who have missed out on content
* Fans of old MMORPG games looking for nostalgia

**Demographic**

* 13-35 year olds
* Players who never got to play high level content when the game evolved into Runescape 3
* MMORPG players

**Pshychographics**

* Personality & Traits
  * Fun-seeking
  * Socialable

* Values:
  * Respectable
  * Determind to overcome barriers

* Lifestyles:
  * Gamers
  * Intrested in MMORPG gaming catergory

The website needs to let the user:

* Get the information they need:
  * What the game is about
  * Any new content coming to the game
  * Any old content they may have missed
  * Find them on any of their social platforms that they prefer to use
  * Be able to find information about any help they need in-game

The website needs to let the Company:

* Provide easy naviagtion throughout the website to allow the users to find:
    * Any content new or old they wish to know more about
    * What exactly the game is
* Provide an easily obtainable links to any clients so that they can use to play the game.

## Scope

A scope was worked out in order to clearly identify what was needed to be done in order to work all the features that was stated
in the stratergy into the website. This was then broken into two catergories:

* Content Requirements
  * The user will be looking for:
    * Information about the game itself
    * Content updates
    * Social links
    * Ways to play the game 
    * Any links that will help the players with the game
* Functionality Requirements
  * The user will be able to:
    * Easily navigate their way through the site in order to find any information they want
    * Be able to find links to any external sites in order to:
      * Download the game client
      * Find the information from the games wiki site to help with their gaming adventure
      * Keep up with updates via social links of the company
    * Be able to find the community on [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/directory/game/Old%20School%20RuneScape)

## Structure

The information from the previous sections was organised in a tree structure in order to ensure that users could navigate through
the site effiecntly and easily, with the following outcome:
![Site Map](assets/readme-images/Site-map.jpeg)

## Skeleton

### Home Page

### Osrs Page

### Useful Links Page

## Design

### Colour Scheme

The main colours used throughout the website are orange text with a background of grey that is transparent to let the user still see the background image used, with the navbar and footer
both having a strong red colour that when hovered uses the same orange colour as the main content on the page.

The colours was chosen to make sure the text stands out from the background and also using the 'Psychological Effects of Colour' to evoke feelings of warmth when browsing the page.

### Typography

The pairing of the fonts [Roboto](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto?preview.text_type=custom) and also [Lato](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Lato?preview.text_type=custom) with 
Sans Serif as a backup should the fonts not be able load due to a import fail.

For the main content of the website Roboto is being used to keep the text consistent. The font Lato was used for the alert box on the mainpage to seperate and to stand out to catch the 
cutsomers eyes.

### Imagery

The imagery used within the website are used to keep the style consistent from page to page to keep the website visually appeasing.
The imagery visually keeps in theme with the website and stands out when used.

Each image has alternative text so that in an event of the element not being able to load.

## Features

### Design Features

Each page of the website has a consistent navigational system:

* The **header** contains a **logo** placed in the upper left hand corner that allows the users to return to the homepage when clicked and also the **navigation bar** in the top right of the page.

* The **footer** contains each of the companies social media pages and is indicated with the appropriate icon to each of the accounts.

### Homepage

The homepage has a consistent layout on all devices with the content placed in the middle of the page, to allow easy and fast access to the information the customer may require upon their visit.

* Alert - The alert is occupying 75% of the webpage to keep the page flowing order consistent with the content below.

* Video and Birthday Image - Both of these elements occupy 75% of the page to keep inline with the layout on the page the video will autoplay when visiting the homepage to catch the users attention on 
the newest piece of content, and the birthday image is placed underneath with some of the games most recognisable NPC's and with a short explanation above the image to give the players a small explanation
of what is happening in game at the moment.

### Osrs Page

The OSRS page is a page dedicated to give people visiting the website information about the game and is also layed out the same as the **Homepage** to keep the wesbite consistent.
* Video - Like the homepage we are trying to get the users attention straight away so again the **Video** takes up 75% of the page again and is set to autoplay so the users are encouraged to unmute and 
to watch the video to learn what the game is from the people who create the game and push new content each week.

* Small Paragraphs - The paragraphs follow the suit of the whole webiste with the width set to 75%. Each will give details about what the game has to offer and is known for. They will explain what options 
the players have to play whether that be Free-to-Play or a Paid Membership. The other will give the players an insight on the quests they will encounter upon entering the game.

### Useful Links Page

This page of the website is to allow any person who visits the site to go and explore the wide range of content avaliable to them, it will contain links to a number of other sites that could 
help get the player use to the game and also to feel part of the **Runescape** community.

* Twitch - This will feature a image that keeps inline with the websites theme and sit underneath the section which explains what they can find by following the link. The paragraph will take up 75% 
of the page while the image will not so the image doesn't become disorted and the pixels become stretched. The link used for the image will take the users to the **Old School Runescape** directory 
on the **Twitch** webiste.

* Wiki - This is for any players of the game to use the player ran **Wiki** to assist them in their needs whilst in-game, again there will be an image of the wiki's logo underneath the section to allow 
easy access to the webiste and will also feature a breif explanation of also how to access the site whilst in-game. Again following with the layout of the **Twitch** layout, the paragraph will 
take up 75% of the page with the image underneath keeping the size of its original size to keep the image from becoming strecthed and breaking the theme of the website.

* Client Links - This section will allow the players visiting the website to be able to choose which client they would like to play the game on with the risks of playing on the third-party 
client clearly stated. The vanilla client image when clicked with start a download with the **Steam** client taking the user to the **Steam** store page for the game to be able to start the download and finally 
the **RuneLite** client will take the players to the homepage for the client. They will be layed out like the footer in the inline list style that when viewed on mobile devices will display the **Steam** link 
underneath the **Vanilla** and **RuneLite links**. This will all be avaliable when viewing the website on a desktop but the developer has also put in links to the tablet and mobile appropriate **app stores** that will 
appear when viewing on a the appropriate devices.


### Existing Features

* **Header Logo** - This appears on every page of the website for brand recognition, always located in the top left of the page and will allows visiters of the website to click on the logo to be returned to the homepage as they would 
expect.

* **Header Nav bar** - This like the logo is always located at the top right corner of each page which allows easy access to each of the pages the website has.

* **Footer Social Icons** - The footer will be located at the bottom of each page and will allow the webiste users to be able to easily navigate to each of the social handles that they wish to, 
this will allow for easy access to knowledge that they wish to get and to also keep up with any news surrounding the game.

* **Videos** - The videos used in the website are gathered from Old School Runescape's Youtube page:
  * [Soul Wars](https://youtu.be/9f8On5Ml2Xg)
  * [What is OSRS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1GdN4MJC9E)

* **External Links** - The external links are used for ease of access to information that the visitors of the webiste may require they are used in the footer for the social accounts of Runescape 
and also used in the **Useful Links** section of the website to take the users to the page they require.

* **Downloadable link** For the **Vanilla Client** created by **Jagex** when clicked on ny the player that wishes to use the client they will be met by the link starting the download in the browser.

* **Hidden Content** For people browsing the website on devices smaller than 1024px the website will hide the links to the clients and instead only show the links avaliable for the device they are on. 
Allowing for ease of access and a less crowded page on smaller devices.

### Future Features 

* **Merchandise**
  * **Feature** - Set a page dedicated to seeling to the players allowing different items such as;
    * Mouse Mats
    * Posters
    * Pins/Badges
    * Phone Accessories
  * **Reason for not implementing on release** - JavaScirpt needed to implement.

* **Live Twitter Feed**
  * **Feature** - Set up a live twitter feed to allow players to see the timeline on the website and to easily get links to the games updates.
  * **Reason for not implementing on release** - Developer couldn't find a way to implement the feature in given time-frame.

 ## Issues And Bugs
 The developer came across multiple bugs when implementing some features on the website, the ones that was more noticeable, along with the solutions are listed below:

 **Image Element Bug** - A bug was detected early in development with the image being displayed. In trying to implement a responsive image where the image wouldn't line up with other content, in searching 
 online through Google, the developer came across a similar question asked on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43226511/how-can-i-center-an-image-in-bootstrap) which explained that **<img>** is an 
 inline element which was causing the image used to display off center.

 **Navbar Bug** - A bug was detected when trying to change the colour of the navbar from the standard blue to the orange that is used throughout the website, whilst looking for the cause and for a solution, the developer 
 found a similar question that was asked on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46237610/bootstrap-4-navbar-color-wont-change). It was changed to keep in line with the websites colours and theme.

 **Iframe Bug** A bug was found when trying to make the multiple iframe elements to autoplay when visiting each page, the developer found a solution that only worked on older versions of web browsers, so had to return to 
 try and find a solution to the problem which was found again using the webiste [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40685142/youtube-autoplay-not-working) which was adapted to the 
 web url followed by "?autoplay" to allow the video to autoplay when that page is visited. The developer also tried to get the iframe to play with sound but due to the 2018 Google user changes 
 which doesn't allow this to occur giving the users more control on playback commands.

 ## Technologies Used
 ### Main Languages Used
 * [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5 "Link to HTML Wiki")
 * [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS#CSS_3 "Link to CSS Wiki")

 ### Libraries, Frameworks and Libraries Used
 * [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/getting-started/introduction/ "Link to the Homepage of Bootstrap")
   * Bootstrap was used to allow the website to be responsive from mobile devices upwards.
 * [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/ "Link to Google Fonts Homepage")
   * Google Fonts was used to import the fonts used throughout the website which are "Roboto" and "Lato" this was implemented in the style.css file.
* [Git](https://git-scm.com/ "Link to Git Homepage")
  * Git was used to utilise the GitPod terminal to allow the developer to commit and push to GitHub.
*[GitHub](https://github.com/ "Link to GitHub Homepage")
  * GitHub was used to store the project after pushing.
* [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/ "Link to Balsamiq Homepage)
  * Balsamiq was used to create the wireframes during the designing stages of the project.
* [Am I Responsive](http://ami.responsivedesign.is/# "Link to Am I Responsive")
  * Am I Responsive was used to see the responsive design throughout the process.

## Testing

* Testing.md

## Deployment

* Deploying on GitHub Pages

* Forking the Repository

* Creating a Clone

## Credits

### Content

* The text used in the homepage was sourced from [Old School Runescape Wiki](https://oldschool.runescape.wiki/w/Soul_Wars "Link to wiki"), [News Letter](https://secure.runescape.com/m=news/8th-birthday-event-and-lms-changes?oldschool=1 "Link to Runescape").
* The text used on the OSRS page is sourced from [Old School Runescape Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Old_School_RuneScape "Link to Wikipedia"), [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1343370/Old_School_RuneScape/ "Link to Steam Store")

* Media

* All videos was sourced from [Old School Runescape's Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0j1MpbiTFHYrUjOTwifW_w "Link to OSRS Youtube")
* The image used on the homepage was sourced from [Runescape's Birthday Event](https://secure.runescape.com/m=news/8th-birthday-event-and-lms-changes?oldschool=1 "Link to Runescape").
* Images used on the Useful Links page was sourced from [RuneLite](https://runelite.net/ "Link to RuneLite Homepage") [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1343370/Old_School_RuneScape/ "Link to Steam Store").

* Code
The developer has used multiple sites that would better help them understand the code used and was modified to fit the websites theme and to keep the order consistent. The sites that was used are as following:
* [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/ "Link to Stack Overflow Homepage")
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/getting-started/introduction/ "Link to Bootstrap Homepage")
* [Google Fonts]("https://fonts.google.com/ Link to Google Fonts Homepage)
* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/ "Link to Font Awsome Homepage)

## Acknowledgements

Commit message:

added wireframes to README.md

README.md, after:

# Old School Runescape
# Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. UX
* Ideal User Demographic
* User Stories
* Development Planes
* Design
3. Features
* Design Features
* Existing Features
* Features to Implement in the future
4. Issues and Bugs
5. Technologies Used
* Main Languages Used
* Additional Languages Used
* Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used
6. Testing
* Testing.md
7. Deployment
* Deploying on GitHub Pages
* Forking the Repository
* Creating a Clone
8. Credits
* Content
* Media
* Code
9. Acknowledgements

# Introduction
This website was designed for the company Jagex for the game Old School Runescape. The focus of this site is to create an online presence allowing new players, present players 
and any returning players to find out what is happening in game and to find any relavant information about the game.

Jagex Limited is a British video game developer and publisher based at the Cambridge Science Park in Cambridge, England. It is best known for RuneScape 
and Old School RuneScape, collectively known as the world's largest free-to-play massively multiplayer online role-playing games. Jagex has one of the longest running 
MMORPG games which has now been running for 20 years. The purpose for this website is to promote Jagex's game to a new audience as well as keeping the present players up to date.

This is the first of four Milestone Projects for the developer that they must complete during their Full Stack Web Development Program at the Code institute.

The main requirements was to create a stable and static website with a minimum of three pages using primarily HTML5 and CSS3.

# UX

## Ideal User Demographic

**The ideal user of this website is:**
* New players
* Current players
* Returning players

## User Stories

**New Players**
1. As a new player, I want to easily navigate my way around the website and find the relavant content.
2. As a new player, I want to learn about the games history.
3. As a new player, I want to be able to easily go to any of the games social media pages to keep up with any news or updates.
4. As a new player, I want to be able to find any helpful information to help play the game.

**Current Players**
1. As a current player, I want to be able to find the social links to keep up with any news.
2. As a current player, I want to find out about any new upcoming releases.
3. As a current player, I want to find any information to help me return to the game.

**Returning Players**
1. As a returning player, I want to navigate to information about updates I have missed.
2. As a returning player, I want to be able to go to any social links to find relavant information.

## Development Planes

In order to create a comprehensive and informative website the developer worked with players of the game to determine what 
the website required and to answer the user stories, listed above.

**Stratergy**

The website will be broken down into three catergories focusing on the following audiences:

**Roles**

* Current Players of Old School RuneScape
* New players looking to start playing
* Returning players who have missed out on content
* Fans of old MMORPG games looking for nostalgia

**Demographic**

* 13-35 year olds
* Players who never got to play high level content when the game evolved into Runescape 3
* MMORPG players

**Pshychographics**

* Personality & Traits
  * Fun-seeking
  * Socialable

* Values:
  * Respectable
  * Determind to overcome barriers

* Lifestyles:
  * Gamers
  * Intrested in MMORPG gaming catergory

The website needs to let the user:

* Get the information they need:
  * What the game is about
  * Any new content coming to the game
  * Any old content they may have missed
  * Find them on any of their social platforms that they prefer to use
  * Be able to find information about any help they need in-game

The website needs to let the Company:

* Provide easy naviagtion throughout the website to allow the users to find:
    * Any content new or old they wish to know more about
    * What exactly the game is
* Provide an easily obtainable links to any clients so that they can use to play the game.

## Scope

A scope was worked out in order to clearly identify what was needed to be done in order to work all the features that was stated
in the stratergy into the website. This was then broken into two catergories:

* Content Requirements
  * The user will be looking for:
    * Information about the game itself
    * Content updates
    * Social links
    * Ways to play the game 
    * Any links that will help the players with the game
* Functionality Requirements
  * The user will be able to:
    * Easily navigate their way through the site in order to find any information they want
    * Be able to find links to any external sites in order to:
      * Download the game client
      * Find the information from the games wiki site to help with their gaming adventure
      * Keep up with updates via social links of the company
    * Be able to find the community on [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/directory/game/Old%20School%20RuneScape)

## Structure

The information from the previous sections was organised in a tree structure in order to ensure that users could navigate through
the site effiecntly and easily, with the following outcome:
![Site Map](assets/readme-images/Site-map.jpeg)

## Skeleton

The developer used [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/wireframes/ "Balsamiq Homepage") to create the wireframes for the website.

### Home Page

![Homepage Wireframe](assets/readme-images/Homepage-Wireframe.jpg)

### Osrs Page

![Osrs Wireframe](assets/readme-images/Osrs-Page.png)

### Useful Links Page

![Useful Links Wireframe](assets/readme-images/Useful-Links.png)

## Design

### Colour Scheme

The main colours used throughout the website are orange text with a background of grey that is transparent to let the user still see the background image used, with the navbar and footer
both having a strong red colour that when hovered uses the same orange colour as the main content on the page.

The colours was chosen to make sure the text stands out from the background and also using the 'Psychological Effects of Colour' to evoke feelings of warmth when browsing the page.

### Typography

The pairing of the fonts [Roboto](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto?preview.text_type=custom) and also [Lato](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Lato?preview.text_type=custom) with 
Sans Serif as a backup should the fonts not be able load due to a import fail.

For the main content of the website Roboto is being used to keep the text consistent. The font Lato was used for the alert box on the mainpage to seperate and to stand out to catch the 
cutsomers eyes.

### Imagery

The imagery used within the website are used to keep the style consistent from page to page to keep the website visually appeasing.
The imagery visually keeps in theme with the website and stands out when used.

Each image has alternative text so that in an event of the element not being able to load.

## Features

### Design Features

Each page of the website has a consistent navigational system:

* The **header** contains a **logo** placed in the upper left hand corner that allows the users to return to the homepage when clicked and also the **navigation bar** in the top right of the page.

* The **footer** contains each of the companies social media pages and is indicated with the appropriate icon to each of the accounts.

### Homepage

The homepage has a consistent layout on all devices with the content placed in the middle of the page, to allow easy and fast access to the information the customer may require upon their visit.

* Alert - The alert is occupying 75% of the webpage to keep the page flowing order consistent with the content below.

* Video and Birthday Image - Both of these elements occupy 75% of the page to keep inline with the layout on the page the video will autoplay when visiting the homepage to catch the users attention on 
the newest piece of content, and the birthday image is placed underneath with some of the games most recognisable NPC's and with a short explanation above the image to give the players a small explanation
of what is happening in game at the moment.

### Osrs Page

The OSRS page is a page dedicated to give people visiting the website information about the game and is also layed out the same as the **Homepage** to keep the wesbite consistent.
* Video - Like the homepage we are trying to get the users attention straight away so again the **Video** takes up 75% of the page again and is set to autoplay so the users are encouraged to unmute and 
to watch the video to learn what the game is from the people who create the game and push new content each week.

* Small Paragraphs - The paragraphs follow the suit of the whole webiste with the width set to 75%. Each will give details about what the game has to offer and is known for. They will explain what options 
the players have to play whether that be Free-to-Play or a Paid Membership. The other will give the players an insight on the quests they will encounter upon entering the game.

### Useful Links Page

This page of the website is to allow any person who visits the site to go and explore the wide range of content avaliable to them, it will contain links to a number of other sites that could 
help get the player use to the game and also to feel part of the **Runescape** community.

* Twitch - This will feature a image that keeps inline with the websites theme and sit underneath the section which explains what they can find by following the link. The paragraph will take up 75% 
of the page while the image will not so the image doesn't become disorted and the pixels become stretched. The link used for the image will take the users to the **Old School Runescape** directory 
on the **Twitch** webiste.

* Wiki - This is for any players of the game to use the player ran **Wiki** to assist them in their needs whilst in-game, again there will be an image of the wiki's logo underneath the section to allow 
easy access to the webiste and will also feature a breif explanation of also how to access the site whilst in-game. Again following with the layout of the **Twitch** layout, the paragraph will 
take up 75% of the page with the image underneath keeping the size of its original size to keep the image from becoming strecthed and breaking the theme of the website.

* Client Links - This section will allow the players visiting the website to be able to choose which client they would like to play the game on with the risks of playing on the third-party 
client clearly stated. The vanilla client image when clicked with start a download with the **Steam** client taking the user to the **Steam** store page for the game to be able to start the download and finally 
the **RuneLite** client will take the players to the homepage for the client. They will be layed out like the footer in the inline list style that when viewed on mobile devices will display the **Steam** link 
underneath the **Vanilla** and **RuneLite links**. This will all be avaliable when viewing the website on a desktop but the developer has also put in links to the tablet and mobile appropriate **app stores** that will 
appear when viewing on a the appropriate devices.


### Existing Features

* **Header Logo** - This appears on every page of the website for brand recognition, always located in the top left of the page and will allows visiters of the website to click on the logo to be returned to the homepage as they would 
expect.

* **Header Nav bar** - This like the logo is always located at the top right corner of each page which allows easy access to each of the pages the website has.

* **Footer Social Icons** - The footer will be located at the bottom of each page and will allow the webiste users to be able to easily navigate to each of the social handles that they wish to, 
this will allow for easy access to knowledge that they wish to get and to also keep up with any news surrounding the game.

* **Videos** - The videos used in the website are gathered from Old School Runescape's Youtube page:
  * [Soul Wars](https://youtu.be/9f8On5Ml2Xg)
  * [What is OSRS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1GdN4MJC9E)

* **External Links** - The external links are used for ease of access to information that the visitors of the webiste may require they are used in the footer for the social accounts of Runescape 
and also used in the **Useful Links** section of the website to take the users to the page they require.

* **Downloadable link** For the **Vanilla Client** created by **Jagex** when clicked on ny the player that wishes to use the client they will be met by the link starting the download in the browser.

* **Hidden Content** For people browsing the website on devices smaller than 1024px the website will hide the links to the clients and instead only show the links avaliable for the device they are on. 
Allowing for ease of access and a less crowded page on smaller devices.

### Future Features 

* **Merchandise**
  * **Feature** - Set a page dedicated to seeling to the players allowing different items such as;
    * Mouse Mats
    * Posters
    * Pins/Badges
    * Phone Accessories
  * **Reason for not implementing on release** - JavaScirpt needed to implement.

* **Live Twitter Feed**
  * **Feature** - Set up a live twitter feed to allow players to see the timeline on the website and to easily get links to the games updates.
  * **Reason for not implementing on release** - Developer couldn't find a way to implement the feature in given time-frame.

 ## Issues And Bugs
 The developer came across multiple bugs when implementing some features on the website, the ones that was more noticeable, along with the solutions are listed below:

 **Image Element Bug** - A bug was detected early in development with the image being displayed. In trying to implement a responsive image where the image wouldn't line up with other content, in searching 
 online through Google, the developer came across a similar question asked on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43226511/how-can-i-center-an-image-in-bootstrap) which explained that **<img>** is an 
 inline element which was causing the image used to display off center.

 **Navbar Bug** - A bug was detected when trying to change the colour of the navbar from the standard blue to the orange that is used throughout the website, whilst looking for the cause and for a solution, the developer 
 found a similar question that was asked on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46237610/bootstrap-4-navbar-color-wont-change). It was changed to keep in line with the websites colours and theme.

 **Iframe Bug** A bug was found when trying to make the multiple iframe elements to autoplay when visiting each page, the developer found a solution that only worked on older versions of web browsers, so had to return to 
 try and find a solution to the problem which was found again using the webiste [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40685142/youtube-autoplay-not-working) which was adapted to the 
 web url followed by "?autoplay" to allow the video to autoplay when that page is visited. The developer also tried to get the iframe to play with sound but due to the 2018 Google user changes 
 which doesn't allow this to occur giving the users more control on playback commands.

 ## Technologies Used
 ### Main Languages Used
 * [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5 "Link to HTML Wiki")
 * [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS#CSS_3 "Link to CSS Wiki")

 ### Libraries, Frameworks and Libraries Used
 * [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/getting-started/introduction/ "Link to the Homepage of Bootstrap")
   * Bootstrap was used to allow the website to be responsive from mobile devices upwards.
 * [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/ "Link to Google Fonts Homepage")
   * Google Fonts was used to import the fonts used throughout the website which are "Roboto" and "Lato" this was implemented in the style.css file.
* [Git](https://git-scm.com/ "Link to Git Homepage")
  * Git was used to utilise the GitPod terminal to allow the developer to commit and push to GitHub.
*[GitHub](https://github.com/ "Link to GitHub Homepage")
  * GitHub was used to store the project after pushing.
* [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/ "Link to Balsamiq Homepage)
  * Balsamiq was used to create the wireframes during the designing stages of the project.
* [Am I Responsive](http://ami.responsivedesign.is/# "Link to Am I Responsive")
  * Am I Responsive was used to see the responsive design throughout the process.

## Testing

* Testing.md

## Deployment

* Deploying on GitHub Pages

* Forking the Repository

* Creating a Clone

## Credits

### Content

* The text used in the homepage was sourced from [Old School Runescape Wiki](https://oldschool.runescape.wiki/w/Soul_Wars "Link to wiki"), [News Letter](https://secure.runescape.com/m=news/8th-birthday-event-and-lms-changes?oldschool=1 "Link to Runescape").
* The text used on the OSRS page is sourced from [Old School Runescape Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Old_School_RuneScape "Link to Wikipedia"), [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1343370/Old_School_RuneScape/ "Link to Steam Store")

* Media

* All videos was sourced from [Old School Runescape's Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0j1MpbiTFHYrUjOTwifW_w "Link to OSRS Youtube")
* The image used on the homepage was sourced from [Runescape's Birthday Event](https://secure.runescape.com/m=news/8th-birthday-event-and-lms-changes?oldschool=1 "Link to Runescape").
* Images used on the Useful Links page was sourced from [RuneLite](https://runelite.net/ "Link to RuneLite Homepage") [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1343370/Old_School_RuneScape/ "Link to Steam Store").

* Code
The developer has used multiple sites that would better help them understand the code used and was modified to fit the websites theme and to keep the order consistent. The sites that was used are as following:
* [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/ "Link to Stack Overflow Homepage")
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/getting-started/introduction/ "Link to Bootstrap Homepage")
* [Google Fonts]("https://fonts.google.com/ Link to Google Fonts Homepage)
* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/ "Link to Font Awsome Homepage)

## Acknowledgements
* I would like to thank my family and friends for giving me their honest opions and suggestions during each stage of building this website.
